we have our correspondent T abum who's
joining us from so T the Israeli Army
have announced more evacuations there
have been more air strikes with more
casualties tell us about the air strikes
and where they've been
focused yeah it was really completely a
very difficult night for the vast
majority of the areas of the territory
where in only in the middle area we are
talking about at least 20 Palestinians
have been reported including five
children till now and this number is
expected to rise as the process of
emergency workers searching is still
ongoing on the ground in that middle
area and we need to remember clearly
that this is where Palestinians have
been told in order to seek refuge and to
be away from areas of operations but uh
at the other side of the Gaza Strip in
the far south in Rafa we have been
talking to a number of eyewitnesses
confirming that there are new orders
evacuation orders have been passed by
the Israeli military throughout dropping
leaflets and voice calls to the
residents there ordering to flee from
the central areas of RA not only from
the Eastern portion of the city where
battles now are emerging and raging
there but at the same time they are
expanding the spot of the fighting to
reach to the middle areas of arfa where
these orders today have been given
earlier to as shabura neighborhood and
the vicinity of Al Kuwaiti Hospital in
order to flee and to no longer exist in
that area because it will be uh in the
future a military operation zone for the
Israeli Army so the situation there is
completely D and light of the ongoing
bombardment on the ground as casualties
arriving to Al Kuwaiti Hospital in an
hourly basis yeah and T it where you are
in front of Al AA hospital we understand
that there have been a number of bodies
who who have arrived there as
well yes that's right we completely were
shocked today with the bodies being
lined up on the ground in alaka hospital
20 bodies including children and
families who are desperately sad for the
loss of the family members as the al- AA
hospital is the main remaining Hospital
in the Adel bah which is responsible for
providing medical treatment for hundreds
of thousands of Palestinians and in
order to know more about how the
hospital is operating in light of the
ongoing military genocidal campaign we
are joined right now by Dr Yad Muhammad
Jai who is the deputy director of
Hospital thank you for joining us Dr how
are you coping with the current
situation as the number of casualities
and fatalities within the hospital is
rising honestly speaking we are facing
great difficulty as we are flooded with
an influx of casualties and uh people
injured in critical condition especially
that the condition is mediumsized we
used to have 200 beds more as we speak
we have more than inh house 500 patients
in addition to those attended to in the
makeshift hospitals we have are trying
to do our best to set up other makeshift
hospitals however the number of
casualties is huge we can hardly cope up
with the numbers of victims many of the
victims are lying on the floor and we
are performing operations on the floor
we attending to the sick and the P the
wounded on the floor we are flooded with
numbers High numbers of casualties
especially that other hospitals that
used to give us a lending hand are no
longer operations again we are faced
with massive difficulties and I believe
the situation is going to be worse in
the future as the number continues to
rise how can you describe the situation
within Al AA Hospital in terms of the uh
availability of fuel sufficient to run
the
generators we are speaking of fuel
sufficient for a few hours not a few
days we have more than about 4,000
liters of fuels if we are not supplied
with fuel at the earliest the Ala
hospital will come out of operations if
we are out of electric power more than
10 patients who are currently attended
to in the Intensive Care Unit in
addition to the babies in the incubators
those will die we will lose those lives
we are in a dire need for electric
supplies and fuel supplies in order to
run the generators especially we have
many dialyses patients who are currently
subjected to the process as I said
earlier as the alar hospital is no
longer operations uh operational those
patients and wounded who are attended to
and that hospital are transferred to our
hospitals this is a massive pressure on
our operations it it
also
um is another form of pressure on our
operations and that's completely the
disturbing and uh difficult reality on
the ground and in ALA hospital where
it's right now dealing with an Ence
humanitarian and medical pressure in
light of the expansion of the fighting
to into Rafa and with the ongoing
military campaign in the entire
territory tet thank you so much abum is
our correspondent reporting from Central
Gaza for us